whoever we have now we keep in
hands holding a platform or frame
frame and platform or frame for the wagon and
quickly we collect it is done very
just look slowly at first
collect then quickly yes we already
there are wheels on the platform
put the back then add
boiler
So
boiler for heating
where is he
boiler for the cabin driver's cabin
next driver's cabin
so they decided to first platform
to hook
to the train platform under the car that there
will ship yet unknown rather
All this is cargo pain to cargo with
coal wagon coal
so ahead there must be another muzzle
thomas the train with vampires with light
with a lantern that's all finished small
short little train
train now you quickly collect and
more so so so and then he we
will go
We are looking at how the train will work
thomas through on our locomotive rushed
breaking through here hooked up more cars I
I see
go building materials on last
the platform on the last trailer is not
understandable as in some load but here
no 2
so here we are
railway track reds
holds enter and blue
only vane faced
to prevent an accident
So
but there is only one wagon goes on
mind muse chest with coal
boy maxim worry to record
ok it turned out we still have
crane that will load
Materials apparently some
heavy loads so u will have to
load here on this train to train
thomas where many many trucks
We operate cranes, expand it and
first serve these concrete slabs then
again under them so as to show how we
ship
that the crane will grab these plates
put on the train platform
and drove along the load to
so the train is going to stay on something
meteorite probably downloaded a lot
Hades went, went, went everything is fine
so ends the work on vitim or
not yet
we'll see
can burn the moment opa here
transparent tunnel maxi is clearly not
wants to put their camp and in the tunnel in
garage
be careful
i can
but
dad nervous a little bit
so two of each look
the railway line goes so they after all
connect sits once they can and somehow
i'm not regulated regulates the boil to
they are not confronted in any way
there was no accident
So
two trains thomas
each in its own direction tailoring by
your lacoste no no work be
continue to play with the trains
don't want to leave
what
Well, we are finishing goodbye